1. What are the two primary benefits of React?
A: better for handling state AND re-renders
JSX simplifies the "DX"
also, web apps have faster responsiveness owing to no page reloads

2. How does one create a template React project with Vite? 
A: npm create vite@latest
caveat: give new build tools time to settle
a lot of devs are using Vite for development and Webpack for production
create-react-app used to be the go to - no longer maintained

progression here (recommended by React maintainers)
1 create-react-app
2 Vite
3 Frameworks eg NextJs

3. What is JSX?
A: Combo of JS and HTML. Like xML, we write our own tag names BUT may also use the standard HTML ones.
JSX favours componentised approach.
Note JSX is compiled into JS for production. Bit like Typescript is compiled too. 

4. How does one embed variables/expressions in JSX? 
A: {}
same with dollar sign and backticks is just js - template literal strings
`${}`

5. How does one handle conditions and loops in JSX?
A: You don't!
EITHER
write them outside of the return, in ordinary JS
this may cause problems with re-rendering although there is a Hook for that called useEffect()
best way is to stick to the JSX and write

instead of conditions: && (short circuit and operator) ?: (ternary operator)
short circuit and swaps in some JSX conditionally, generally used for larger chunks of code 
ternary operator forces a choice between two chunks of code, generally smaller

instead of loops: map()
JSX returned must be wrapped in () not {}

6. What is a prop?
A: data that is passed from a parent to a child component
one way: top-down

7. What should be child NOT do with regards props? (only covered briefly)
A: shouldn't update (mutate) original value

8. What are smart and dumb components?
A: dumb component just renders data
smart performs logic on the data before it displays it
and passes it down to dumb
data lives in smart components

9. How does one start a development server in a Vite project?
A: npm run dev

10. How does one install all dependencies listed in package.json?
A: npm i (for install, not init) if node modules removed OR for first time in a Vite project
